hey guys welcome to max payne 3 i'll
collectibles chapter 14 when you start
on the conveyor belt after you kill
everyone ride it all the way around and
they'll be a golden gun piece at the end
when you go says go along the hallway
until you hit the room then take the
door to the right and they'll be golden
gun piece once you get to the hallway
take two rights and you'll be in the
bathroom once in the bathroom go to the
shower and there'll be a golden gun
piece after that go to the bathroom
stall and they'll be the ex-cop which
will get you the tourist achievement
sorry no I am here to pick up my
daughter but imagine she's stuck on the
plane what do you
I don't know try to make a difference
giving back that's what you call it take
care yeah
this wasn't the kind of place where you
waited to board a private jet Victor and
Beck around the departure lounge
somewhere judgment with a smile you
can't beat it when you get to the
terminal head up to the escalator stick
to the left and at the end of the walk
where you'll hit a golden compass
why should go down the escalator to the
second part of the room go to the right
side of room and behind the desk will be
another Golden Gun piece
ok the last collect abilities once you
finish a train race and he pull up into
the station turn around look at the back
of a train and in the corner they'll be
on the last Golden Gun piece thanks
again for watching guys I hope this
guide helps you I'll be posting some
ghost recon future soldier in a few days
see you